Adds a Java RunInference example (#23619)
apache/beam: examples/multi-language/README.md

1. See [the Python quickstart](https://beam.apache.org/get-started/quickstart-py/)
   for more information.

#### 3) Execute the Python pipeline

1. In a new shell, run a pipeline in the **python** directory using a Beam runner that supports
   multi-language pipelines.

   The Python files contain details about the actual commands to run.

## Using Python transforms from Java

### Sklearn Mnist Classification

Performs image classification on handwritten digits from the [MNIST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MNIST_database)
database.

Please see [here](https://github.com/apache/beam/tree/master/sdks/python/apache_beam/examples/inference) for
context and information regarding the corresponding Python pipeline.

Please note that the Java pipeline is
[availalble in the Beam Java examples module](https://github.com/apache/beam/tree/master/examples/java/src/main/java/org/apache/beam/examples/multilanguage/SklearnMnistClassification.java).

#### Setup

* Obtain/generate a csv input file that contains labels and pixels to feed into the model and store it in
GCS. And example input is available [here](TODO).

* Create a model file that contains the pickled file of a scikit-learn model

> trained on MNIST data and store it in GCS. An example model file is available [here](TODO).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
trained on MNIST data and store it in GCS. An example model file is available [here](https://pantheon.corp.google.com/storage/browser/_details/apache-beam-samples/multi-language/mnist/example_model;tab=live_object).
```

Reviewer: Also, would be good to call out how this one was trained (or pulled from a hub)

docker push $DOCKER_ROOT/beam_python3.8_sdk:latest

./gradlew :sdks:java:container:java11:docker -Pdocker-repository-root=$DOCKER_ROOT -Pdocker-tag=latest

docker push $DOCKER_ROOT/beam_java11_sdk:latest
```

* Run the pipeline using the following Gradle command (this guide assumes Dataflow runner).
Note that we override both the Java and Python SDK harness containers here.

```
export GCP_PROJECT=<GCP project>
export GCP_BUCKET=<GCP bucket>
export GCP_REGION=<GCP region>

./gradlew :examples:multi-language:sklearnMinstClassification --args=" \
--runner=DataflowRunner \
--project=$GCP_PROJECT \
--gcpTempLocation=gs://$GCP_BUCKET/multi-language-beam/tmp \
--output=gs://$GCP_BUCKET/multi-language-beam/output \
--sdkContainerImage=$DOCKER_ROOT/beam_java11_sdk:latest \
--sdkHarnessContainerImageOverrides=.*python.*,$DOCKER_ROOT/beam_python3.8_sdk:latest \
--region=${GCP_REGION}"
```

* Inspect the output. Each line has data separated by a comma ",". The first item is the actual label
of the digit. The second item is the predicted label of the digit.

```
gsutil cat gs://$GCP_BUCKET/multi-language-beam/output*
```

> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
